How to get:
Clone my p1-start repository from https://github.com/rorystorm98/p1-start

System requirements:
You will need access to a local terminal on your computer and be able to use matplot, python and numpy.

How to use code:
To run this code you need to use the plot.py file that has the actual code in it. Then run python plot.py <name of file you want to run> 
The files that I plotted are in the RAW-DATA file. It should show a graph of your data and a linear fit of the data.
Once the graph is closed if should also print the Youngs Modulus of your data. This code should be able to be used with different data if it is formatted the same as the data in this repository and starts on line 33.

Files in this repository:
raw-data
The data I wrote this program for, all files are formatted for this code besides Sp15_245L_sec-001_group-01_bendtest-aluminum.raw and Sp15_245L_sec-001_group-01_bendtest-tungsten.raw.
See aluminum1.raw through aluminum3.raw files for aluminum values and tungsten1.raw through tungsten3.raw files for tungsten values.
README is this file
contributors.txt is the list of people that contributed to this repository
plot.py contains the code used to create Stress vs Strain graphs.

What I learned:
During this project I have learned how it is important to stay organized when saving and modifying files and that using complicated file names can add to to amount of work that you have to do since it is easier to make mistakes with longer file names. 
This project also gave me alot of practice using the HJKL keys for navigation in vim. I am still having difficuly defaulting to those keays though since I am so used to using the arrow keys. It is also helpful to make commits often so it is easier to track changes and for a project where a certain number of commits are required it helps fill that requirement like I should have done for this project.

Overall I feel like this project really helped me understand what we have been covering in class and showed a good real world example of how coding can make projects easier once you understand it.
